feat(Getting Started): Added a new getting started page (#16312)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/get-started/intro-new-relic2.mdx

---

> title: Getting started with New Relic

Reviewer: I think I prefer "Get started with New Relic"

  - /docs/using-new-relic/
  - /docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic
  - /docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/get-started/intro-new-relic
  - /docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/ui-data/new-relic-feature-end-life-announcements-july-2020
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/install-configure/install-new-relic
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/get-started/quick-launch-guide
  - /docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/get-started/get-started-full-stack-observability
  - /docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/installation/install-agent
  - /docs/new-relic-one/use-new-relic-one/cross-product-functions/install-configure/install-new-relic
  - /docs
  - /docs/using-new-relic/cross-product-functions/install-configure/install-new-relic
signupBanner:
  text: Monitor and improve your entire stack. 100GB free. Forever.
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

import NROneMain from 'images/new-relic-one_screenshot-full_main.webp'

import NRAlertsMain from 'images/alerts_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRApmMain from 'images/apm_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRBrowserMain from 'images/browser_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

> Eureka! That's the feeling you'll have when you learn how New Relic works. 

Author: I've changed the entire paragraph.

With New Relic, you can monitor the performance of your applications, infrastructure, web browsers, and more. You can do this on a single platform with real-time data and analytics. You will identify any issues that may be impacting its functionality. It enables you to make informed decisions and optimize your systems for better performance.

> Let us help you and your team make your life better:

Reviewer: I think this is a lovely sentiment. I wonder what the intro to this doc would look like if you re-oriented the intro around this. 

The paragraph above: there's nothing wrong with it, but it does feel like many of the intro docs I see across our site, as well as on other docs sites. 

The bullets below: what's missing from them, I think, is connecting the dots between this sentiment and what our platform does. How does each of these specifically make "your life better"?

Author: I've changed all.

  * Get full-stack observability across your enterprise to predict and detect issues before they impact customers.

  * Put all your telemetry data, including open-source, on one secure scalable database with 700+ integrations.

  * Visualize and analyze your entire stack in one unified experience, with AI-powered analytics to find and fix issues fast.

  * Pay only for what you use.

<img
  title="New Relic main page"
  alt="New Relic main page"
  src={NROneMain}

> />

Reviewer: I'd pull this image up higher. Also, I'm wondering if there's a more exciting/interesting/intriguing image we could use?

> # Let's start today! [#start-today]

Reviewer: Although I'm not sure it's quite right, I do like the energy. The exclamation point is a tough sell :)

Author: Changed to: `Let's get started `

<Steps>
  <Step>

>     ## Sign up for New Relic

Reviewer: One thing to keep in mind when we're telling people to sign up: When someone signs up for the first time, they're funneled into an installation flow that they can't really get out of UNLESS they're joining an existing account where someone has already installed and configured things.

Reviewer: Oh, I see you addressed my latter point on line 86 there

Author: I've removed the steps

    Are you ready?

    <ButtonGroup>
      <ButtonLink
        role="button"
        to="https://newrelic.com/signup"
        variant="primary"
      >
        Sign up for New Relic
      </ButtonLink>
    </ButtonGroup>

>     Does your organization already have New Relic but you're just adding a new team or project? See [Add a new account](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/add-accounts).

Reviewer: I keep coming beck to: Why is someone coming to this get started with new relic doc? Presumably they want to get started with new relic. Should we assume they've already signed up? Do we really need a sign up call to action? Curious on your thoughts here @austin-schaefer

  </Step>
  <Step>
    ## Ingest some data

>     Follow our [guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/nr1-core.explorer?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtY29yZS5saXN0aW5nIn0=&cards[0]=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsImFjdGl2ZUNvbXBvbmVudCI6IlZUU09FbnZpcm9ubWVudCIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQifQ==) to auto-discover your environment. The guided install walks you through a recommended setup. This step-by-step process makes the installation easier. It ensures that all needed parts are set up right.

Reviewer: I'd rather steer clear of the "guided install" language. Can we get more specific about what we're sending people to do? 

We're sending people into the UI so that they can choose their system type and then, in most cases, get a CLI command that will download and install the infrastructure agent in order to scan their system for all the things New Relic can monitor on that system.

Author: Changed.

  </Step>

  <Step>

>     ## Check out some dashboards

Reviewer: It's tough to do this if you don't already have some data in New Relic. Also, I think it's worth digging into why someone would want to do this.

    Explore your environment in real time with some out-of-the-box UI views. You'll see data in the **Infrastructure**, **APM**, and **Logs** UI pages. 

    Learn how to [get started with dasboards](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/introduction-dashboards/).
  </Step>

  <Step>

>     ## Add more data

Reviewer: Instead of sending people to the I/O site, I'd prefer to send people to the catalog in the UI.

    If you need data from other sources, check our [quickstarts](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability). These quickstarts include step-by-step instructions to guide you through the setup process. You'll be able to monitor your systems in no time. With our quickstarts, monitoring becomes effortless.
  </Step>

  <Step>

>     ## Set up alerting

Reviewer: Instead of linking to a bunch of alerts docs, I think it's better to let people know that they can be notified about things they care about.

And, if you have a dashboard (here's where the dashboards tie in in a pragmatic way) then you can create an alert based on it.

    You can manage your <InlinePopover type="alerts" />, [create](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/get-started/your-first-nrql-condition/) new ones, configure your [notifications](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/notifications/intro-notifications/), identify [anomalies](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/anomaly-detection/anomaly-detection-applied-intelligence/), configure [correlation policies](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/incident-intelligence/change-applied-intelligence-correlation-logic-decisions), and more. 

    Some of the [quickstarts](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability) include pre-configured alerts that save you time setting up monitoring tools.

    You can also check [our tutorial](/docs/tutorial-create-alerts/create-new-relic-alerts/) on getting started with New Relic alerts.
    
  </Step>

  <Step>

    ## Add users

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this section.... adding users is kind of an edge case in a way.

Author: Removed ## Add users

    You can add the rest of your team to New Relic. Use the **User management** UI to [add users](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-ui-and-tasks#where). See [User type](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-type) to learn more about the different types of users. You can also check [our tutorial](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/account-user-mgmt-tutorial) on adding users and managing user access.
  </Step>
</Steps>

# Capabilities [#capabities]

Our platform offers a comprehensive suite of capabilities to help organizations monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize the performance of their digital environments. Here's an explanation of New Relic's key capabilities. If you want to learn more, explore our [tutorials](/docs/new-relic-solutions/tutorial-landing-page/) pages. 

> ## Alerts & AI [#alerts]

Reviewer: Drop the AI (we're not using applied intelligence anymore). (I know the UI hasn't been updated to reflect this.

Author: Removed `& AI`

> Alerts help you identify issues in your applications and code. They show you how these issues affect your users. When you receive notifications of your alerts, you can stop problems and prevent widespread user disruptions. Being aware of issues early can lead to better user experiences.

Reviewer: I think the things that are important to mention about alerts:
1. granular alerting
2. many options for how you're alerted (email, slack, pager duty, etc)
3. anything you can create a dashboard from you can alert on
4. You can easily turn alerts on and off as needed, during maintenance downtime, for example

Let us help you know what's critical, manage the suppressed noise, and mitigate alert fatigue.

<img
  title="New Relic alerts main page"
  alt="New Relic alerts main page"
  src={NRAlertsMain}
/>

## APM & Services [#apm]

> New Relic instruments your application at the code level through the use of one of our many language agents. These agents collect metrics from your application and send them to our application performance monitoring (APM) , allowing you to monitor it using pre-built dashboards.

Reviewer: What's important about APM are all the languages supported as well as how it can be deployed on a wide range of systems, including Kubernetes and Docker.

I think it would be good to list all of the languages here

The <InlinePopover type="apm" /> capability provides real-time insights into the performance of applications, services, and microservices across various programming languages and frameworks.

> It offers detailed transaction traces, code-level visibility, and performance metrics to identify bottlenecks, optimize application performance, and enhance user experience.

Reviewer: I think that's missing here is: How does all of this make your (the reader) life better? That's the missing piece of this story, here and throughout

<img
  title="New Relic APM & Services main page"
  alt="New Relic APM & Services main page"
  src={NRApmMain}
/>

## Browser [#browser]

> 

Reviewer: I'd drop the word "capability" throughout in favor of browser monitoring.

For example, "Are you concerned about your website's performance during peak traffic hours? Use our browser monitoring to pinpoint the specific React component or JavaScript function that's making your site fall over."

The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability provides insights into the performance and user experience of your web applications, directly within users' browsers.

<img
  title="New Relic Apps main page"
  alt="New Relic Apps main page"
  src={NRBrowserMain}
/>

## Dashboards [#dashboards]

> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In ultricies ornare quam, a elementum tellus vestibulum et. Donec malesuada cursus pellentesque. Sed finibus elementum lorem quis efficitur. Donec blandit facilisis aliquet. Integer vel suscipit augue. Quisque a metus gravida, consequat arcu in, auctor enim. Morbi libero quam, dictum vel ornare ut, dignissim eu nisi.

Reviewer: Always love to see the lorem ipsum :)

Probably a good place to throw in a picture of chart.

Dashboards by themselves don't do much. They're kind of a starting place and they make for good visuals. I think the important thing to emphasize about dashboards is that they're portals into the very cool and powerful data analysis tools that New Relic provides.

> ## Error Inbox [#error-inbox]

Reviewer: "Errors inbox" watch that title case!

> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In ultricies ornare quam, a elementum tellus vestibulum et. Donec malesuada cursus pellentesque. Sed finibus elementum lorem quis efficitur. Donec blandit facilisis aliquet. Integer vel suscipit augue. Quisque a metus gravida, consequat arcu in, auctor enim. Morbi libero quam, dictum vel ornare ut, dignissim eu nisi.

Reviewer: Errors inbox (like alerts) is what I think of as a secondary feature. Immensely useful, but you have to already be sending data to new relic to get any use out of it. 

I'm less familiar with errors inbox, but I think the crucial thing is that it collects all of your system's errors in one place. (I'm sure there's more to it than that)

# Pricing [#pricing]

> Select the [platform access](https://newrelic.com/pricing) that fits your needs. This way, you pay only for what you use.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the get started doc is a good place to get into pricing, except to let people know that they can try it out for free

import NRApmMain from 'images/apm_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRBrowserMain from 'images/browser_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRDashboardsMain from 'images/dashboards_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRErrosInboxMain from 'images/errors-inbox_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRIastMain from 'images/iast_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRInfraMain from 'images/infrastructure_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRLambdaMain from 'images/lambda_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRLiveArchivesMain from 'images/live-archives_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRLogsMain from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRK8sMain from 'images/kubernetes_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRMobileMain from 'images/mobile_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRNetworkMain from 'images/network_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NROpenTelemetryMain from 'images/opentelemetry_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRServiceLevelsMain from 'images/slm_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRSyntheticMain from 'images/synthetic_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

import NRVulnManagementMain from 'images/vulnerability-management_screenshot-crop_main.webp'

> 

Reviewer 2: I like the concept of how the screenshots are presented, I just think it may need to be more a bit more pronounced as on dark mode, the screenshots look a little rotated instead of tilted.

> Welcome to the New Relic observability platform! Our platform gives you deep visibility into your systems. It helps you solve problems you may not have been aware of, regardless of the technology you use. See how New Relic works [here](#how-it-works) or if you want to start now, let's [get started](#get-started).

Reviewer 2: The last sentence kind of throws me off, I'd suggest something like "You can see how New Relic works here, or get started now if you want to jump right in." Or something along those lines.

> Welcome to the New Relic observability platform! Our platform gives you deep visibility into your systems. It helps you solve problems you may not have been aware of, regardless of the technology you use. You can see how New Relic works [here](#how-it-works) or [get started](#get-started) now if you want to jump right in.

Reviewer 3: The intro is friendly, but I think instead of linking users to a section that's halfway down the doc, we can spend a little time giving a high level overview of what New relic can do. Here's something I whipped up really quick: 

> New Relic is an observability platform that gives you direct access to your system’s behavior. Whether you work primarily in distributed systems, the cloud, or traditional server-based architectures, New Relic can collect data that helps you solve problems before they occur. 
> 
> How you get started depends on your system, but you’ll follow the same general pattern: you’ll instrument a technology through installation, then use the platform to set up alerts, dashboards, and other capabilities. 
> 
> Before we dive in, make sure you’ve [signed up for an account](SIGN UP LINK). It’s free, forever.

Reviewer 3: altho I like the impulse to have a welcome statement before we "get down to business" too.

Author: Thank you, @akristen for your comment. I had that approach several commits ago ;-). But Austin and Shawn prefer this way.

> New Relic provides many capabilities to improve visibility. They let you monitor, troubleshoot, and improve digital performance. Here's a brief overview of our most popular capabilities and features.

Reviewer 2: I'd simplify "capabilities" into "ways"

# Alerts [#alerts]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

> Alerts help you identify issues that look unusual in your applications and code. New Relic includes some <InlinePopover type="alerts" /> when you install it and you can also create your alerts. You receive alerts through tools like PagerDuty, ServiceNow, Jira, Slack, and more. Let us help you know what's critical, manage the suppressed noise, and mitigate alert fatigue. 

Reviewer 2: "when you install it, and you can also create your own alerts."

> Alerts help you identify issues that look unusual in your applications and code. New Relic includes some <InlinePopover type="alerts" /> when you install it, and you can also create your alerts. You receive alerts through tools like PagerDuty, ServiceNow, Jira, Slack, and more. Let us help you know what's critical, manage the suppressed noise, and mitigate alert fatigue. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alerts can notify you when something unusual occurs in your applications and code. We include some <InlinePopover type="alerts" /> when you install a New Relic capability, but you can also create your own alerts. You can also sync alerts with tools like PagerDuty, ServiceNow, Jira, Slack, and more. Let us help you know what's critical, manage the suppressed noise, and mitigate alert fatigue. 
```

Reviewer 3: This sentence is a little awkward: Let us help you know what's critical, manage the suppressed noise, and mitigate alert fatigue. 

I think we can probably cut it because it is captured in our alerts docs + the little blurb ahead of that covers the crux of our alerts capability

Author: I've rewritten the paragraph, including the final sentence, to ensure clarity and conciseness. Each capability includes a final sentence or 2 highlighting its advantages or benefits for our users.

  
Learn more about alerts [here](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/overview/).

  </Side>
  <Side>
    <img
      title="New Relic alerts"
      alt="New Relic alerts"
      src={NRAlertsMain}
    />
  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

> # APM [#apm]

Reviewer 3: I think the title should be "Application monitoring", then we can use APM in the blurb

Author: Done!

> # APM [#apm]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Application monitoring [#apm]
```

<SideBySide>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic APM"
    alt="New Relic APM"
    src={NRApmMain}
  />

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   New Relic instruments your application by using one of our many language agents. These agents collect metrics from your application. They send the metrics to <InlinePopover type="apm" />. It lets you monitor it using pre-built dashboards. 

Reviewer 2: "collect metrics from your application, then send the metrics to our apm." 

Or something like that.

>   New Relic instruments your application by using one of our many language agents. These agents collect metrics from your application. They send the metrics to <InlinePopover type="apm" />. It lets you monitor it using pre-built dashboards. 

Reviewer 2: "It lets you monitor it", I'd clarify this a bit more. What lets you monitor what, exactly?

>   New Relic instruments your application by using one of our many language agents. These agents collect metrics from your application and then send the metrics to our <InlinePopover type="apm" />. It lets you monitor your application using pre-built dashboards. 

Reviewer 3: This is our most mature product, so I think we should unspool a bit about what it does, the tech it's built on, and so on.

Author: Yes, I see. At first, I explained all the capabilities in detail and they had a lot more text. Austin and Shawn wanted brevity, so I had to adjust all of them. I had to keep each capability to 2 or 3 sentences.

>   New Relic instruments your application by using one of our many language agents. These agents collect metrics from your application and then send the metrics to our <InlinePopover type="apm" />. It lets you monitor your application using pre-built dashboards. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Application monitoring (APM) lets you monitor your apps and microservices. You'll start by instrumenting your app with one of our language agents. These agents then harvest different kinds of data in a process called data ingestion, then store that data in the New Relic Database (NRDB). 
```

Reviewer 3: The agents harvest data and sends them to NRDB in a process that's roughly like data --> agent --> ingest pipeline --> NRDB --> APM UI. I wouldn't necessarily describe it as "sending the data" to APM since APM is the thing that monitors, rather than the thing it's sent to. I might add a concluding sentence along the lines of "You can view this data in the Application monitoring capability of the New Relic platform" (or something like that? idk)

Author: Great, much better!! I add your suggestion.

  
  Learn more about APM [here](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-apm/).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Browser [#browser]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from the navigation timings in all end users' browsers. It sends that data directly to New Relic while blending with the service that served the requests. When you load that page URL, you can easily see which back-end transaction fulfilled that request. 

Reviewer 2: This is good!

>   The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from the navigation timings in all end users' browsers. It sends that data directly to New Relic while blending with the service that served the requests. When you load that page URL, you can easily see which back-end transaction fulfilled that request. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from navigation timings found in an end user's browsers.
```

I kept it singular to just to avoid the awkward plural noun that's also possessive

>   The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from the navigation timings in all end users' browsers. It sends that data directly to New Relic while blending with the service that served the requests. When you load that page URL, you can easily see which back-end transaction fulfilled that request. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from navigation timings in an end user's browser. It sends that data directly to New Relic while blending with the service that served the requests. When you load that page URL, you can easily see which back-end transaction fulfilled that request. 
```

Reviewer 3: I kept it singular to sidestep the plural noun that's possessive awkwardness. But Idk if it matters that much. The back half of this section is 96% there but I think it's missing something.

- I'm not sure what it means that the browser agent "sends data directly to New Relic" (don't all agents/collectors do this?) while "blending with the service that served the rrequest." What does "blending with the service" mean? I think unspooling these two separate ideas would help.
- The last sentence feels important and more closely related to the "blending with the service". 
- "service that served" seems a bit repetitive

Author: I rewrote the paragraph, thanks!
  New Relic <InlinePopover type="browser" /> helps you understand website performance and user behavior by monitoring real user data. It tracks page load times, network requests, JavaScript errors, user interactions, and more. Analyzing navigation timing helps you find issues that hurt your web app's performance or backend errors. By making necessary changes based on this analysis, you can optimize the performance of your website.

>   The <InlinePopover type="browser" /> capability collects data from the navigation timings in all end users' browsers. It sends that data directly to New Relic while blending with the service that served the requests. When you load that page URL, you can easily see which back-end transaction fulfilled that request. 

Reviewer 3: i think reversing the sentence order is good b/c the content here is technically specific + captures the interaction well

  Learn more about browser [here](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/getting-started/introduction-browser-monitoring/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

<img
  title="New Relic browser"
  alt="New Relic browser"
  src={NRBrowserMain}
/>

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Dashboards [#dashboards]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

  <img
  title="New Relic dashboards"
  alt="New Relic dashboards"
  src={NRDashboardsMain}
/>

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   Our UI allows you to create custom charts and share them easily. Our <InlinePopover type="dashboards" /> capability lets you collect and visualize your data preferences across our platform. Tailor your charts to display the information you need. Access and analyze your data from any location within our platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  New Relic lets you organize your data how you want with our <InlinePopover type="dashboards" />. Tailor your charts to display the data that matters to you, then access those charts from any location within our platform.
```

Reviewer 3: Dashboards are a little tricky tbh. I'm not even convinced by this edit... I feel like there's something missing... Dashboards are used to tell specific stories by whatever ~account or ~team builds them out, and we also offer a kind of dashboard with install.

I've heard SMEs say that sometimes customers'll build dashboards around specific kinds of errors, or teams that manage them, or by event or tech type... I think you convey that with "data that matters to you" but it seems almost too vague. 

My only other recommendation is to sidestep referring to the UI explicitly and keep the actor "New Relic." Our UI is just a design element, but it doesn't "do" anything. An easy way to avoid referrring to the UI is to just say new relic lets you do X thing

Author: Great explanation, thanks! I've rewritten all:
With New Relic's dashboards, you can arrange your data how you want. Tailor <InlinePopover type="dashboards" /> for your application and system performance info. Adjust charts to show your key data and access these charts easily across our platform. This adaptability helps you monitor and study your data efficiently.

>   NRQL, short for New Relic query language, is a powerful tool for accessing detailed data from New Relic. NRQL is like SQL. It lets you gather specific info about your applications, hosts, and business operations. By using NRQL, you can gain valuable insights into the performance and behavior of your environment. 

Reviewer 2: "NRQL, short for New Relic query language, is a powerful tool for accessing detailed data from New Relic. NRQL is like SQL."

To:

NRQL, short for New Relic query language, is a powerful SQL-like tool for accessing detailed data from New Relic.

>   NRQL, short for New Relic query language, is a powerful SQL-like tool for accessing detailed data from New Relic. It lets you gather specific info about your applications, hosts, and business operations. By using NRQL, you can gain valuable insights into the performance and behavior of your environment. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  New Relic Query Language (NRQL) is a powerful SQL-like tool for accessing detailed data from New Relic. It lets you search for specific information about your applications, hosts, and business operations. Using NRQL empowers you to gain valuable insights into the performance and behavior of your system. 
```

Reviewer 3: NRQL is also used on its own, too... If we _have_ to keep NRQL in dashboards, then I'd introduce NRQL e arlier on and weave it into the intro text, rather than having it be an abrupt two part paragraph

Reviewer 2: Agreed and good callout, we have a whole section on NRQL in the docs so it makes sense to call it out in some capacity here as well.

Author: Hey @paperclypse, do you agree with having a new section for NRQL?

Reviewer: It is a powerful and useful tool that New Relic provides and it's what so many of our features and capabilities are built on. I'm OK with adding a new NRQL section. (I also think it's fine to add it as a fast follow, too. I don't see the need for it to be a blocker if it feels like it'd take a lot of time to do it right.) @nbaenam

Author: Done!

  Learn more about dashboards [here](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/introduction-dashboards/) and about NRQL [here](/docs/nrql/get-started/introduction-nrql-new-relics-query-language/).
  
  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Errors inbox [#errors-inbox]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   Errors inbox is an error-tracking solution. It's designed to put you in control. It helps you find, focus on, and fix errors across your application stack. Errors inbox is embedded in the <InlinePopover type="apm" /> UI so you can resolve errors faster.

Reviewer 2: Errors inbox is an error-tracking solution. It's designed to put you in control.

To:

Errors inbox is an error-tracking solution designed to put you in control.

>   Errors inbox is an error-tracking solution designed to put you in control. It helps you find, focus on, and fix errors across your application stack. Errors inbox is embedded in the <InlinePopover type="apm" /> UI so you can resolve errors faster.

Reviewer 3: in control of what? I'd be more specific here

Author: Good catch!

  Learn more about errors inbox [here](/docs/apm/errors-inbox/errors-inbox-ui).

  </Side>
  <Side>

  <img
  title="New Relic Errors inbox"
  alt="New Relic Errors inbox"
  src={NRErrosInboxMain}
  />

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# IAST [#iast]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

  <img
  title="New Relic IAST"
  alt="New Relic IAST"
  src={NRIastMain}
  />

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   New Relic Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) can help you stop cyberattacks and breaches on your applications. It does this by probing your running code for exploitable flaws.

Reviewer 2: I'd expand on this a bit more, just a sentence at the end that says what the result is like you have in the sections above should flesh it out as it needs to be.

>   New Relic Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) can help you stop cyberattacks and breaches on your applications. It does this by probing your running code for exploitable flaws. Use IAST to cut blind spots, see all protected and unprotected applications, and hide threats. Our dashboards are comprehensive and give complete visibility into high-priority vulnerabilities. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  New Relic Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) probes your applications by your running code for exploitable flaws. Use IAST to prevent cyberattacks, hide threads, and see all protected and unprotected applications. IAST comes with pre-built dashboards that are comprehensive, and give complete visibility into high priority vulnerabilities. 
```

Author: Done

  Learn more about IAST [here](/docs/iast/introduction).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

> # Infrastructure [#infrastructure]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Infrastructure monitoring [#infrastructure]
```

<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   The <InlinePopover type="infrastructure" /> capability lets you monitor the health and performance of your service. It covers containers and cloud infrastructure. It includes tracking CPU, memory, network traffic, and disk use. It also includes over 400 on-host integrations for monitoring third-party apps. 

Reviewer 2: The <InlinePopover type="infrastructure" /> capability lets you monitor the health and performance of your service. It covers containers and cloud infrastructure.

To:

 The <InlinePopover type="infrastructure" /> capability lets you monitor the health and performance of your containers and cloud services. 

If that makes sense, it may need to be tweaked a bit to better convey what it specifically covers.

>   The <InlinePopover type="infrastructure" /> capability lets you monitor the health and performance of your service, including containers and cloud infrastructure. It covers tracking CPU, memory, network traffic, and disk use. It also includes over 400 on-host integrations for monitoring third-party apps.

Reviewer 3: I think this should be unspooled more, and I'm not sure SREs/devOps personas necessarily associate infrastructure with services so much as containers/cloud infra/traditional server infra. Maybe going to a higher level to describe how infrastructure monitoring can tell you about CPU/memory _and_ related to kubernetes/on host integrations/cloud monitoring... It's a tough section to write about but I do think it should be a little longer/unspooled

Reviewer 3: or maybe they care about services insofar as CPU/memory/disk space/blahblah is there for the purpose of maintaining app availability. but i would def speak directly to the people who only care about the infrastructure and only reference services/apps as an incidental thing

Author: As I added in a previous comment, Austin and Shwan don't want to have a lot of text for every capability.

  Learn more about infrastructure [here](/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-monitoring/get-started/get-started-infrastructure-monitoring/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic infrastructure"
    alt="New Relic infrastructure"
    src={NRInfraMain}
  />
  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Kubernetes and Pixie [#k8s-pixie]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic Kubernetes"
    alt="New Relic Kubernetes"
    src={NRK8sMain}
  />

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   The New Relic Kubernetes integration gives you full observability. The data it provides lets you monitor the health of your whole Kubernetes cluster and the performance of your environment. You can check individual pods or drill into specific services and applications. The agent collects telemetry data from your cluster. It uses several New Relic integrations. These include Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.

Reviewer 2: It uses several New Relic integrations. These include Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.

To:

It uses several New Relic integrations, including Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.

>   The New Relic Kubernetes integration gives you full observability. The data it provides lets you monitor the health of your whole Kubernetes cluster and the performance of your environment. You can check individual pods or drill into specific services and applications. The agent collects telemetry data from your cluster. It uses several New Relic integrations, including Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The New Relic Kubernetes integration lets you monitor the health of your whole Kubernetes cluster. You can check individual pods or drill into specific services and applications. The agent collects telemetry data from your cluster. It uses several New Relic integrations, including Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.
```

Reviewer 3: I would cut out things like "specific services or applications" because it really doesn't tell us much about the individual capability. All our capabilities technically give you insight into services/apps, so we can save space + introduce more content specific to the ~feature by removing references to that. also, we refer to the k8s integration then talk about the agent in the back half. i'd just let the actor be the integration itself so as to not introduce to many "things" while readers are trying to paint the picture for the first time

Reviewer 3: This sentence is a little confusing. I might cut it or spend time unspooling this idea a bit more:

> It uses several New Relic integrations, including Kubernetes events, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs Kubernetes plugin.

Some questions a first time user might ask when reading this could be: 

How does it use NR integrations? Do customers need to install them all separately? Do they come out of the box? Why arent Kubernetes events reported from the "vanilla" integration itself? 

Maybe something like "Our Kubernetes integration installation also gives you access to the Prometheus agent, a Kubernetes logs plugin, and the Kubernetes event integration as well. No additional installation is required."

Author: Thank you for the comment! I'm going to ask for a technical review and send the text of this capability to @mangulonr.

Reviewer 4: Hi @akristen @nbaenam 
Here is my proposal, let me know what you think

> The New Relic Kubernetes integration gives you full observability into the health and performance of your clusters and the workloads running in them.
> Included in it there a set of components that gathers telemetry data (metrics, logs and events) like the Kubernetes events integration, the Prometheus Agent, and the New Relic Logs plugin.

Author: Thank you, @mangulonr!

  Learn more about Kubernetes [here](l/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/get-started/introduction-kubernetes-integration).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Live archives [#live-archives]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   Live archives store historical logs with other logs and telemetry data in the New Relic Database. This allows instant access to historical logs and eliminates the need to rehydrate, reload, re-index, or move data to many places. 

Reviewer 2: Is rehydrate the right term here? I'm not sure what that means in this context, I think you can cut it out.

Author: haha, I copied from here: https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/live-archives

>   Live archives store historical logs with other logs and telemetry data in the New Relic Database. This allows instant access to old logs and stops the need to reload, re-index logs, or move data between many locations or tiers for analysis.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Live archives store historical logs with other logs and telemetry data in the NRDB. This allows instant access to historical logs and stops the need to reload, re-index logs, or move data between many locations or tiers for analysis.
```

Author: Changed! Thanks!

  Learn more about live archives [here](/docs/logs/get-started/log-live-archives).

  </Side>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic Live archives"
    alt="New Relic Live archives"
    src={NRLiveArchivesMain}
  />

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Logs [#logs]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic Live archives"
    alt="New Relic Live archives"
    src={NRLogsMain}
  />

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   New Relic can help you manage your large volume of log data. We provide tools to ingest only valuable logs to cut costs. We offer a unified UI to connect your <InlinePopover type="logs" /> to your services. We also offer ways to organize them before you drown in them.

Reviewer 2: help you manage large volumes of your log data

Author: Great catch! Thanks!

>   New Relic can help you manage your large volume of log data. We provide tools to ingest only valuable logs to cut costs. We offer a unified UI to connect your <InlinePopover type="logs" /> to your services. We also offer ways to organize them before you drown in them.

Reviewer 2: I think "drown in them" is a little too harsh, I'd reword this and soften it a bit

>   New Relic can help you manage large volumes of your log data. We provide tools to ingest only valuable logs to cut costs. We offer a unified UI to connect your <InlinePopover type="logs" /> to your services. We also offer tools that can help you sort through the clutter. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  New Relic can help you manage large amounts of log data. We provide tools to ingest only valuable logs to cut costs. We offer a unified UI to connect your <InlinePopover type="logs" /> to your services. We also offer tools that can help you sort through the clutter. 
```

Reviewer 3: I think we should get more specific on what these tools are, and what functionality they give me. e.g., I'd mention logs in context, log forwarding (for users who are already using a Logs tech), and the ability to query logs in the New relic platform

Reviewer 3: Our logs ~tech isn't our most mature product, so I think rather than keeping it vague we should lealn into what it _does_ do well. "You can forward logs from other Logs providers, then view that data in a unified platform experience. with logs in context, you can view an app's or service's log data in context of its performance metrics." stg like that

Author: Rewritten!

  Learn more about logs [here](/docs/logs/get-started/get-started-log-management/).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

> # Network [#network]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Network performance monitoring [#network]
```

Author: Done!

<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   With <InlinePopover type="networkMonitoring" />, you can analyze how well your routers, switches, and other networking devices perform. It will also build a visual network topology. This will let you find performance problems in locations. 

Reviewer 2: It will also build a visual network topology. This will let you find performance problems in locations. 

To:

It will also build a visual network topology, letting you find performance problems in locations. 

I think "locations" needs to be expanded on or clarified a bit as well

>   With <InlinePopover type="networkMonitoring" />, you can analyze how well your routers, switches, and other networking devices perform. It will also build a visual network topology, letting you find performance problems in your environment. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  With <InlinePopover type="networkMonitoring" />, you can analyze how well your routers, switches, and other networking devices perform. It will also build a visual network topology, letting you find performance problems in your environment. 
```
```suggestion
  With <InlinePopover type="networkMonitoring" />, you can analyze the performance of your routers, switches, and other networking devices. Network monitoring builds a visual network topology for you, so you can identify when a performance problem is occurring in the network layer.
```

Author: Great! I've changed the paragraph ;-)

  
  Learn more about network [here](/docs/network-performance-monitoring/get-started/npm-introduction/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

<img
  title="New Relic network"
  alt="New Relic network"
  src={NRNetworkMain}
/>

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

> # Mobile [#mobile]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Mobile monitoring [#mobile]
```

<SideBySide>
  <Side>
<img
  title="New Relic mobile"
  alt="New Relic mobile"
  src={NRMobileMain}
/>

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   The <InlinePopover type="mobile" /> capability sends telemetry directly from the end user's mobile app to New Relic. This allows us to analyze the app's performance on the user's device. 

Reviewer 2: I'd flesh this out with a third sentence that explains the benefit, as is in most of the sections above

>   The <InlinePopover type="mobile" /> capability sends telemetry directly from the end user's mobile app to New Relic. This allows us to analyze the app's performance on the user's device. This capability helps with the performance and crash troubleshooting of your Android, iOS, or hybrid mobile apps. Use mobile monitoring to improve your app's user experience. Or, study HTTP and network performance to work better with your backend teams.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The <InlinePopover type="mobile" /> capability sends telemetry directly from the end user's mobile app to New Relic. Mobile monitoring is flexible, and let you troubleshoot crashes from Android, iOS, or hybrid mobile apps. Study HTTP and network performance to work better with your backend teams.
```

Reviewer 3: I'd unspool this sentence a bit more: Study HTTP and network performance to work better with your backend teams.

It sounds interesting and specific, something I might be interested in if i was a mobile developer. I think for me is I'm not sure what 'work better' 'means or what 'study' means in this context. Am I correlating data from HTTP and network performance so my backend teams can optimize a mobile app? Is it about how the mobile app itself communicates with HTTP requests over the network?

Author: Done!

  Learn more about mobile [here](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/get-started/introduction-mobile-monitoring/).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# OpenTelemetry [#opentelemetry]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   OpenTelemetry helps collect data from your applications and hosts, sending it to New Relic. New Relic's platform lets you analyze the data and fix any application problems. This toolkit simplifies the process of monitoring and troubleshooting your software. By utilizing OpenTelemetry, you can enhance the performance and reliability of your applications.

Reviewer 3: @rhetoric101 Is OpenTelemetry an integration? I'm a little hazy on the details here, but the way I understand it is that New Relilc has some kind of compatibility with OTel so that OTel customers can forward that data into New Relic. 

i think this section might benefit from describing why would someone might OTel _and_ New Relic? Or maybe telling a story about how using New Relic enhances OTel monitoring

Author: I'm going to wait for what Rob has to say here.

  Learn more about OpenTelemetry [here](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/get-started/opentelemetry-get-started-intro/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

<img
  title="New Relic OpenTelemetry"
  alt="New Relic OpenTelemetry"
  src={NROpenTelemetryMain}
/>

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Serverless and Lambda [#serverless-lambda]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

<img
  title="New Relic Lambda functions"
  alt="New Relic Lambda functions"
  src={NRLambdaMain}
/>

  </Side>
  <Side>

>   We offer in-depth performance monitoring for your serverless AWS Lambda functions. Our Lambda layer gives one view into the details of your Lambda functions. You can understand what's happening in your serverless apps. Lambda monitoring is serverless. It uses CloudWatch data and code-level tools. They give more in-depth data. 

Reviewer 2: Lambda monitoring is serverless. It uses CloudWatch data and code-level tools. They give more in-depth data. 
Comment

To:

Lambda monitoring is serverless and uses CloudWatch data and code-level tools to give you more in-depth data.

  Learn more about serverless and Lambda [here](/docs/serverless-function-monitoring/aws-lambda-monitoring/get-started/monitoring-aws-lambda-serverless-monitoring/).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Service levels [#service-levels]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   With New Relic, you can set and use service level indicators (SLIs) and objectives (SLOs) for your applications. Service levels measure the performance of a service from the end user (or client application) point of view. We measure service levels with indicators. We compare them to set objectives for performance and outcomes. 

Reviewer 2: We measure service levels with indicators. We compare them to set objectives for performance and outcomes. 
 
 To:

 We measure service levels with indicators, comparing them to set objectives for performance and outcomes.

> # Service levels [#service-levels]

Reviewer 3: IMO if we're giving service levels an H2, then i think that NRQL and NRDB need to be their own H2s as well. Service levels are more of a conceptual _practice_ rather than a capability per se, and you create them with NRQL too

Author: I've created a section for `Query your data` (NRQL), but I don't think we should also add a section for NRDB because it's not a capability inside the product, I believe. We're adding, on this page, a brief overview of our most popular capabilities.

>   With New Relic, you can set and use service level indicators (SLIs) and objectives (SLOs) for your applications. Service levels measure the performance of a service from the end user (or client application) point of view. We measure service levels with indicators, comparing them to set objectives for performance and outcomes. 

Reviewer 3: I think the buy in with service levels is that it gives you the ability to track improvements or degradations over time, then sets firm objectives that need to be "met" in the form of SLOs. But honestly this is such a nebulous and weird concept that I might ask Shawn/austin if its worth cutting since it's not even a capability, just something you can do with New Relic

Author: Shawn asked to include this one.

  Learn more about service levels [here](/docs/service-level-management/intro-slm/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

  <img
  title="New Relic Service levelss"
  alt="New Relic Service levels"
  src={NRServiceLevelsMain}
/>

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Synthetic monitoring [#synthetic]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

<img
  title="New Relic synthetic"
  alt="New Relic synthetic"
  src={NRSyntheticMain}
/>

  </Side>
  <Side>

> The <InlinePopover type="synthetics" /> capability lets you proactively check that your services are working. It alerts you if there's a problem before your users find out. They simulate complex user journeys and interactions with apps. 

Reviewer 2: Again, a third sentence is needed here, I think.

Learn more about synthetics [here](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/getting-started/get-started-synthetic-monitoring/).

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# Vulnerability management [#vuln-management]
<SideBySide>
  <Side>

>   Vulnerability management provides a birds-eye view of all your software's vulnerabilities. Use our <InlinePopover type="vulnerabilityManagement" /> to find the most urgent vulnerabilities. Calculate the vulnerability surface area of your software. Then, assign vulnerabilities to users with explicit steps for fixing them.

Reviewer 2: Calculate the vulnerability surface area of your software. Then, assign vulnerabilities to users with explicit steps for fixing them.

To:

Calculate the vulnerability surface area of your software and assign vulnerabilities to users with explicit steps for fixing them.

> The <InlinePopover type="synthetics" /> capability lets you proactively check that your services are working. Use synthetic monitoring to find problems in your customer-facing apps. It lets you spot issues before they impact your users. Synthetic monitoring simulates user interactions to pinpoint errors. This proactive approach ensures prompt addressing of any issues. Stay ahead of potential problems by leveraging synthetic monitoring tools. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 Synthetic monitoring is our proactive monitoring solution, letting you simulate how a user might interact with your frontend apps and services. You can set up synthetic monitors to run certificate checks, ping a page for availability, run through common user journeys, and ensure your APIs are functioning as expected. Stay ahead of potential problems so your customer experience is never affected.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! I added it although I split the sentences for clarity. I prefer the use of short sentences and simple words.

  Learn more about vulnerability management [here](/docs/vulnerability-management/overview/).

  </Side>
  <Side>

  <img
    title="New Relic vulnerability management"
    alt="New Relic vulnerability management"
    src={NRVulnManagementMain}
  />

  </Side>
  </SideBySide>

# How it works [#how-it-works]

The first step in observability requires collecting lots of performance data, known as telemetry data. Our observability platform gathers data from your services using agents. An agent is a file or a few lines of code that collects data on your service and sends it to our platform for analysis. 

> A process called instrumentation integrates agents into a service. The agent keeps track of your service's performance by monitoring metrics such as response times and error rates. By analyzing this data, you can gain insights into the functioning of your service and identify areas for improvement. An agent is first installed in your environment with a default configuration. The process of installation, setup, and instrumentation can vary. It depends on the service you want to collect data from. 

Reviewer 3: I think we can make this a little more high level / introduce a metaphor to describe what instrumentation actually is. Maybe something like:

> Instrumentation is the process of making something measurable. You might instrument a gas tank by installing a meter that measures how full or empty your tank is. You monitor your tank, then when it approaches empty, you know it’s time to fill up again. 
> 
> New Relic does something similar. An agent is a file or piece of code that you attach to a particular service during an install procedure. Like a gas meter, our agents instrument technologies and collect data about how that technology performs. You can use that telemetry data for analysis, letting you gain insight about opportunities for optimization and improvement. 
>

Author: Great idea!! I added it! Thanks!

These are the agents at New Relic:

* **APM agent**: For server-side applications

* **Browser agent**: For browser applications

* **Infrastructure agents**: For hosts and on-host integrations

* **Mobile agent**: For mobile applications

Besides these agents, we also support open-source integrations. They report data from open standards for instrumentation. These standards include OpenTelemetry and tools like DropWizard, Prometheus, and more.

New Relic provides visibility through a library of capabilities. Our many capabilities will help you monitor, troubleshoot, and improve your digital performance. Here's an explanation of New Relic's key capabilities.

# Get started! [#get-started]

<Steps>
  <Step>
    ## Sign up for New Relic if you haven't already

    Ready to get started? If you haven't already, [sign up for a New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup). It's free, forever.

    Signing up takes only a few minutes. Once you have an account, you can begin monitoring your applications. 

  </Step>
  <Step>
    ## Add your data

>     Add your data to New Relic to begin analyzing and understanding it. Our guided install will detect your environment and you only have to select the systems you wish to monitor.

Reviewer 2: and you only have to

to:

so you only have to

> # Get started! [#get-started]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Get started [#get-started]
```

Author: Done

  </Step>

  <Step>

    ## Set up a dashboard

    Although [our quickstarts](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability) include pre-defined dashboards to monitor your system, you can create and configure your [dashboards](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/introduction-dashboards/). Our dashboards allow you to create and share interactive visualizations of any data you need to see from anywhere on the New Relic platform. Use dashboards to provide context and visibility into what your system is doing in real-time.
    
  </Step>

  <Step>
    ## Configure alerts

    Although [our quickstarts](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability) include pre-defined alerts to monitor your system, you can [create and configure](/docs/tutorial-create-alerts/create-an-alert/) your alerts. Use alerts to set thresholds and receive notifications of changes in performance across your system. This will help you stay ahead of performance issues to avoid negative impacts on your users.  Keep your team focused and productive with intelligent incident management.

  </Step>

</Steps>

> # Choose your next step! [#next-steps]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Choose your next step [#next-steps]
```
